Added extra info for LLM guide (#23346)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/learn-openvino/large-language-models/llm-inference-hf.rst

By setting the parameter ``export=True``, the model is converted to OpenVINO IR format on the fly.

> Recommendation is to save model to disk after conversion using ``save_pretrained()`` and loading it from disk at deployment time via ``from_pretrained()`` for better efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to save model to disk after conversion using ``save_pretrained()`` and loading it from disk at deployment time via ``from_pretrained()`` for better efficiency.
```

    model.save_pretrained(optimized_model_path)

.. note::

>    Optimum-Intel has a predefined set of weight quantization parameters for popuar models, such ``meta-llama/Llama-2-7b`` or ``Qwen/Qwen-7B-Chat``. These parameters are used by default when only ``bits=4`` is specified in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Optimum-Intel has a predefined set of weight quantization parameters for popular models, such as ``meta-llama/Llama-2-7b`` or ``Qwen/Qwen-7B-Chat``. These parameters are used by default only when ``bits=4`` is specified in the config.
```
